DOCS-8828 enable inbound traffic prereq info (#285)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/enable-inbound-traffic.adoc

Make sure you have completed the prerequisite network-related tasks in xref:install-prereqs.adoc#infrastructure-requirements[Infrastructure Requirements] before enabling inbound traffic on Runtime Fabric.

== Step 1: Configure Inbound Traffic Using Anypoint Runtime Manager

. Navigate to Runtime Manager and select *Runtime Fabric*.
. Select the name of your Runtime Fabric to open the management page.
. In the *Associated Environments* tab, ensure that your Runtime Fabric is associated with the environments in which applications are to be deployed.
. Select *Inbound Traffic* and toggle *Enable inbound traffic* to on.
+
[NOTE]
If you disable the *Inbound Traffic* tab, changes can take several minutes to complete.

. In the *Basic Configuration* section, select one of the following Protocol options:

* *Accept HTTPS requests…*
+
Then select one of the following options:

** *and redirect HTTP to HTTPS*
** *and also accept HTTP requests*
** *and drop HTTP requests*

* *Accept HTTP requests only*
+

> Use the *Add Domain* button to specify domains. All specified domains are displayed in the *Domains* section.

Reviewer: I can't tell how the doc is structured, so maybe it's accurate to include this here, but the Domains button is only present if "Accept HTTP requests" only is present.

Author: Do we need to call this out? (Since they will only see it with the "Accept HTTP requests" option.)

Reviewer: We don't need to call it out. I just can't tell if the structure of the doc makes it clear that this is the case.

Author: Ok - thank you - I've removed it. Let's check this when we meet and I can do a screen share to look at the doc structure.

+

> If you select this option, all certs are deleted.

Reviewer: I think it may be distracting to include this info here, because it's only relevant in a specific and rare situation, which is why we warn about it in the UI.

Author: OK - thanks! I removed this.

** Know the domain or domains to use for routing traffic to your applications.
** Understand that you need to configure an external load balancer to proxy the TCP protocol. The load balancer does not terminate TLS but does allow Runtime Fabric to do so.

* Be able to configure the DNS settings to associate domains that are signed in the TLS certificate to the IP address or addresses served by the external load balancer.

== Step 1: Configure Inbound Traffic Using Anypoint Runtime Manager

. Navigate to Runtime Manager and select *Runtime Fabric*.
. Select the name of your Runtime Fabric to open the management page.
. In the *Associated Environments* tab, ensure that your Runtime Fabric is associated with the environments in which applications are to be deployed.
. Select *Inbound Traffic* and activate the *Enable inbound traffic* toggle.
+
[NOTE]
If you disable the *Inbound Traffic* tab, changes can take several minutes to complete.

. In the *Resource Allocation* section:
+

> The inbound load balancer runs on each controller node configured in Runtime Fabric. Refer to xref:deploy-resource-allocation.adoc[Resource Allocation and Performance on Anypoint Runtime Fabric] for more information.

Reviewer 2: Given we have shared and dedicated mode now, we may want to update this line. Could add a "By default, .."

Author: Added this - thank you!

Applications deployed to a production environment must be deployed to an instance of Runtime Fabric that is separate from nonproduction applications.

By default, inbound traffic is disabled to prevent consuming unnecessary resources. To allow Mule applications or API gateways to listen on inbound connections, you must enable inbound traffic.

== TLS Context Configuration Prerequisites

> * Make sure you have completed the prerequisite network-related tasks in xref:install-prereqs.adoc#infrastructure-requirements[Infrastructure Requirements] before enabling inbound traffic on Runtime Fabric.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Complete the prerequisite network-related tasks in xref:install-prereqs.adoc#infrastructure-requirements[Infrastructure Requirements] before enabling inbound traffic on Runtime Fabric.
```

* Be able to create or configure an external TCP load balancer to manage traffic to applications running in Runtime Fabric:

> .. Gather all IP addresses of controller or dedicated nodes (depending on the configuration you choose during installation) that can be reached by the external TCP load balancer. These IP addresses may not be known until you complete the Runtime Fabric installation. For smaller traffic loads, controller nodes can be shared for cluster administration and inbound traffic TLS termination. For larger traffic loads, use dedicated nodes. The controller and dedicated nodes must have IP addresses that cn be reached (are routable and allowed at applicable firewalls) by the external load balancer. Otherwise, traffic cannot be routed from the load balancer to Runtime Fabric. 

Reviewer 3: Suggest subbullets rather than substeps.
The thing about prerequisites is that they should be list items without conceptual information or steps (although they can include LINKS to that information in other topics).
I have edited per these recommendations but understand that this might take more organizational work than you have time for this go-around....

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** Know the IP addresses of controller nodes (smaller traffic loads) or dedicated nodes (larger traffic nodes) that can be reached by the external TCP load balancer. 
```

> .. Know the domain or domains to be used for routing traffic to your applications.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** Know the domain or domains to use for routing traffic to your applications.
```

> .. Understand that you need to configure an external load balancer to proxy the TCP protocol. The load balancer does not terminate TLS but does allow Runtime Fabric to do so.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** Understand that you need to configure an external load balancer to proxy the TCP protocol.
```

> * Be able to configure the DNS settings to associate domains that are signed in the TLS certificate to the IP address or addess(es) served by the external load balancer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Be able to configure the DNS settings to associate domains that are signed in the TLS certificate to the IP address or addesses served by the external load balancer.
```

> == Step 1: Configure Inbound Traffic Using Anypoint Runtime Manager

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Configure Inbound Traffic Using Anypoint Runtime Manager
The first task in <this supertask> is configuring inbound traffic. <other details or context>
```

Reviewer 3: === Prerequisites?
=== Steps

. Navigate to Runtime Manager and select *Runtime Fabric*.
. Select the name of your Runtime Fabric to open the management page.
. In the *Associated Environments* tab, ensure that your Runtime Fabric is associated with the environments in which applications are to be deployed.

> . Select *Inbound Traffic* and toggle *Enable inbound traffic* to on.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Select *Inbound Traffic* and activate the *Enable inbound traffic* toggle.
```

+
[NOTE]

> If you disable the *Inbound Traffic* tab, changes can take several minutes to complete.

Reviewer 3: Why is this necessary? We have already told them what step to take and should be able to assume that they did it; otherwise, our doc could be FULL of notices like this....

> . In the *Basic Configuration* section, select one of the following Protocol options. The Protocol option that you select determines how HTTP and HTTPS requests are handled:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. In the *Basic Configuration* section, select one of the following:
```

* *Accept HTTPS requests…*
+
Select one of the following options:

> ** *and redirect HTTP to HTTPS*: After inbound traffic is enabled, HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric receive a 301 response to redirect to HTTPS on port 443.

Reviewer 3: ditto re. style guide bullet list format:
```suggestion
** *and redirect HTTP to HTTPS* +
After inbound traffic is enabled, HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric receive a 301 response to redirect to HTTPS on port 443.
```

> ** *and also accept HTTP requests*: HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric are directed to port 80.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** *and also accept HTTP requests* +
HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric are directed to port 80.
```

> ** *and drop HTTP requests*: HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric are ignored.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** *and drop HTTP requests* +
HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric are ignored.
```

* *Accept HTTP requests only*
+

> Use the *Add Domain* button to specify domains. Domains are used for routing requests to applications.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the *Add Domain* button to specify domains to use to route requests to applications.
```

+

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 3: To how many of these steps does this notice apply?
This looks like something that should be stated in the introduction rather than here.
Clarify.

> You can only change the TLS configuration and policies for Runtime Fabrics that you own. For inherited Runtime Fabric instances, the TLS configuration is read-only.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can change only the TLS configuration and policies for Runtime Fabrics that you own. For inherited Runtime Fabric instances, the TLS configuration is read-only.
```
"only" is almost never placed before a verb in our contexts.

. In the *Resource Allocation* section:
+

> The inbound load balancer runs on each controller node configured in Runtime Fabric. Refer to xref:deploy-resource-allocation.adoc[Resource Allocation and Performance on Anypoint Runtime Fabric] for detailed information.

Reviewer 3: Why does this text appear between the step and the substep?

Reviewer 3: Clarify how this relates to the step, and be sure that any active link is moved to the See Also (Related Information) subtopic.

> .. Select a mode.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. Select either *Shared Mode* or, for environments with high traffic demands, *Dedicated Mode*.
```

*** *Shared Mode*

*** *Dedicated Mode* 
+
Dedicated nodes are used in environments with high traffic demands. Refer to xref: and xref:deploy-resource-allocation#internal-load-balancer.adoc[Internal Load Balancer]
+

> The number of replicas for inbound traffic is set to the number of controller nodes for *Shared Mode* or the number of dedicated internal load balancer nodes for *Dedicated Mode*. You must include all IP addresses of the controller nodes or the dedicated internal load balancer nodes in your external load balancer or DNS resolution. 

Reviewer 3: This is far too much conceptual information for task steps, and nested too deeply.
Suggest deleting in favor of the simple step suggested above.
If the audience needs this info, it belongs in another topic linked to in See Also.

By default, inbound traffic is disabled to prevent consuming unnecessary resources. To allow Mule applications or API gateways to listen on inbound connections, enable inbound traffic.

> == Step 1: Configure Inbound Traffic Using Anypoint Runtime Manager

Reviewer 4: It is reasonable to add a statement above step 1 with a reference to the RTF before you begin section to remind readers that they must have completed those actions.

Author: Added some text.

. Navigate to Runtime Manager and select *Runtime Fabric*.
. Select the name of your Runtime Fabric to open the management page.
. In the *Associated Environments* tab, ensure that your Runtime Fabric is associated with the environments in which applications are to be deployed.
. Select *Inbound Traffic* and toggle *Enable inbound traffic* to on.
+
[NOTE]
If you disable the *Inbound Traffic* tab, changes can take several minutes to complete.

. In the *Basic Configuration* section, select one of the following Protocol options:

* *Accept HTTPS requests…*
+
Then select one of the following options:

> ** *and redirect HTTP to HTTPS*

Reviewer 4: MVS

Author: Not sure what you are looking for here.

+
Note that Runtime Fabric can use up to the maximum number shown if the cores are available. Transport Layer Security (TLS) termination is computationally expensive, so allocate enough CPU to increase throughput and decrease latency. Refer to See the xref:deploy-resource-allocation.adoc[Resource Allocation and Performance on Anypoint Runtime Fabric] for more information on CPU allocation and throughput, including how the TLS private key type and size affect these numbers.
.. Specify the minimum memory to allocate for each controller node for the internal load balancer. Note that Runtime Fabric can use up to the maximum amount shown if it is available. 
. Configure a TLS context for HTTPS.
+
If you selected *Accept HTTPS requests* in the *Basic Configuration* section, all inbound traffic entering Anypoint Runtime Fabric is encrypted using TLS. In this case, when enabling inbound traffic, you can provide up to 10 certificates, but at least one valid TLS certificate is required.
+
[NOTE]

> If you are creating PEM or JKS certificates, You need to have the roles and permissions specified in <link to prereqs???????>

Reviewer 4: They would have the roles and permissions based on the note at the top of the procedure to send them to the 'Before You Begin". In this case, they need "Manage Runtime Fabrics".  This does not have to be repeated here.

Author: Removed this - thank you!

+

> The Protocol option that you selected determines how HTTP and HTTPS requests are handled:

Reviewer 4: This is an MVS change. There are a couple of more MVS changes above. The top change is a correction for non-MVS. Is the intention to keep them separate or provide doc for both at the same time?

Author: Provide both at the same time since the GA date for MVS is close.

+
**	*and redirect HTTP to HTTPS*: After inbound traffic is enabled, HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric receive a 301 response to redirect to HTTPS on port 443.

**	*and also accept HTTP requests*: HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric are directed to port 80.

**	*and drop HTTP requests*: HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric are ignored.
+
[NOTE]
You can only change the TLS configuration and policies for Runtime Fabrics that you own. For inherited Runtime Fabric instances, the TLS configuration is read-only.
+

> For HTTPS, you can add up to 10 certificates. You can configure a private key and public certificate for a TLS-enabled server in one of the following ways:

Reviewer 4: MVS

Author: I reworded this a bit.

.. Specify the minimum number of cores to allocate for each controller node for the internal load balancer. 
+
Note that Runtime Fabric can use up to the maximum number shown if the cores are available. Transport Layer Security (TLS) termination is computationally expensive, so allocate enough CPU to increase throughput and decrease latency. Refer to xref:deploy-resource-allocation.adoc#internal-load-balancer-memory-allocation[Internal Load Balancer Memory Allocation] for more information on CPU allocation and throughput, including how the TLS private key type and size affect these numbers.
.. Specify the minimum memory to allocate for each controller node for the internal load balancer. Note that Runtime Fabric can use up to the maximum amount shown if it is available.

. In the *Protocol* section, select one of the following protocol options:

* *Accept HTTPS requests…*
+
Select one of the following options:

** *and redirect HTTP to HTTPS*
+
After inbound traffic is enabled, HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric receive a 301 response to redirect to HTTPS on port 443.
** *and also accept HTTP requests*
+

> HTTP requests sent to Runtime Fabric are directed to port 80.

Reviewer 2: At first read, I thought this looked off. Maybe adding an "also" in there to reflect both HTTPS and HTTP requests are accepted. Minor suggestion.

+
Note that Runtime Fabric can use up to the maximum number shown if the cores are available. Transport Layer Security (TLS) termination is computationally expensive, so allocate enough CPU to increase throughput and decrease latency. Refer to See the xref:deploy-resource-allocation.adoc[Resource Allocation and Performance on Anypoint Runtime Fabric] for more information on CPU allocation and throughput, including how the TLS private key type and size affect these numbers.
.. Specify the minimum memory to allocate for each controller node for the internal load balancer. Note that Runtime Fabric can use up to the maximum amount shown if it is available. 
. Configure a TLS context for HTTPS.
+
If you selected *Accept HTTPS requests* in the *Basic Configuration* section, all inbound traffic entering Anypoint Runtime Fabric is encrypted using TLS. In this case, when enabling inbound traffic, you can provide up to 10 certificates, but at least one valid TLS certificate is required.
+

> The Protocol option that you selected determines how HTTP and HTTPS requests are handled:

Reviewer: It feels strange to have the guidance for the Protocols UI split between two sections.

Author: Good catch - I've moved this.

+
Note that Runtime Fabric can use up to the maximum number shown if the cores are available. Transport Layer Security (TLS) termination is computationally expensive, so allocate enough CPU to increase throughput and decrease latency. Refer to See the xref:deploy-resource-allocation.adoc[Resource Allocation and Performance on Anypoint Runtime Fabric] for more information on CPU allocation and throughput, including how the TLS private key type and size affect these numbers.
.. Specify the minimum memory to allocate for each controller node for the internal load balancer. Note that Runtime Fabric can use up to the maximum amount shown if it is available. 

> . Configure a TLS context for HTTPS.

Reviewer 3: Again, there is too much information following this step and complicating this task.
This step should be it's own task, with a link in See Also, rather than detailed here.

... Specify a value for *Key File*. This is the PEM formatted file that contains the private key for the certificate.
... If the *Key Passcode* field is displayed after uploading a PEM key file, enter the word or phrase that protects the private key.
... Specify a value for *CA Path Certificate File (Optional)*. The CA path contains the intermediary and root certificates that provide the path (chain of trust) from the certificate to the root. The file is downloadable from the CA that signed your certificate. When you provide an entry in this field, the Runtime Fabric load balancer at every connection sends both the certificate and the path to the client. Many clients require the server to send the CA path so that the certificate can be validated.

> ... Review the certificate details to verify domains, expiration, and the other configuration settings. By default, the first domain listed is the domain that is used when deploying applications.

Reviewer: >By default, the first domain listed is the domain that is used when deploying applications.

This is true if only one certificate is added. I think it would be clearer to leave this detail out of this section.

Author: Chris was testing this and thought the first one listed was the default. (Perhaps I'm misremembering.)

Reviewer: It is, but the context for this sentence is when you're uploading a certificate in a UI where multiple certificates can be uploaded. The first domain in the list of all domains across all uploaded certificates will be the default. But any one certificate they upload may not affect the default domain.

Author: Ah - OK - thank you for clarifying this! I'll remove it.

... Specify a value for *Key File*. This is the PEM formatted file that contains the private key for the certificate.
... If the *Key Passcode* field is displayed after uploading a PEM key file, enter the word or phrase that protects the private key.

> ... Specify a value for *CA Path Certificate File (Optional)*. The CA path contains the intermediary and root certificates that provide the path (chain of trust) from the certificate to the root. When you provide an entry in this field, the path is downloaded from the CA when the certificate is signed.

Reviewer 4: Change as follows:

certificate to the root. The file is downloadable from the CA who signed your certificate. When you provide an entry in this field, the Runtime Fabric load balancer at every connection will send to the client both the certificate **and the path**. Many clients will need the server to send the CA path to validate the certificate.

Author: Added the blurb. Thank you!

**** If the CN does not contain a wildcard, the endpoint takes the form `{common-name}/{app-name}`.

... Specify a value for *Key File*. This is the PEM formatted file that contains the private key for the certificate.

> ... (Optional) If the *Key Passcode* field is displayed after uploading a PEM key file, enter the word or phrase that protects the private key.

Reviewer 3: See above; should be reorganized.
Copyedited only in case you must retain this org for now:
```suggestion
... Optionally, if the *Key Passcode* field is displayed after uploading a PEM key file, enter the word or phrase that protects the private key.
```

> ... Specify a value for *CA Path Certificate File (Optional)*. The CA path contains the intermediary and root certificates that provide the path (chain of trust) from the certificate to the root. The file is downloadable from the CA that signed your certificate. When you provide an entry in this field, the Runtime Fabric load balancer at every connection sends both the certificate and the path to the client. Many clients require the server to send the CA path so that the certificate can be validated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... Optionally specify a value for *CA Path Certificate File (Optional)*, enabling the Runtime Fabric load balancer to send both the certificate and the path to the client at every connection. 
```

> ... Use the *Details* button to view certificate details, including domains, expiration, and the other configuration settings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... Click *Details* to view certificate details, including domains, expiration, and the other configuration settings.
```

> ... Select *Deploy* after specifying any needed security policies or advanced options. The *Key Passcode* field is blanked out for security reasons. You can still review public certificate details. If you upload a new key file, this field is again enabled.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... Select *Deploy*.
```
If the audience needs to "specify any needed security policies or advance options," then we should have steps for that before deployment.

+
The public certificate, private key, and key passcode are saved in the secrets manager.

** Option 2: *Upload JKS*
+

> Use this option to upload a Java Keystore (JKS) file and use TLS default values. With this option, you cannot change the default values for TLS versions, ciphers, and other TLS configuration options. A JKS file is a repository for authorization or public key certificates and does not store secret keys.

Reviewer 3: Are the second and third sentences really necessary?

+
The JKS file information is saved in the global secrets group for your organization.

** Option 3: *Import from Secrets Manager* (for advanced users) - THIS SECTION TO BE MOVED TO ANYPOINT SECURITY DOCS!!!
+
This option imports a TLS context from the secrets manager, and supports advanced configuration such as creating a TLS context, mutual authentication, selecting ciphers, and selecting TLS versions. 
+

> To import a TLS context from the secrets manager, you need additional secrets manager permissions. Refer to xref:anypoint-security::configure-tls-context-rtf-lb.adoc[Configure a TLS Context for Runtime Fabric Load Balancer] for additional information. To generate key material for testing purposes and create a TLS context in the secrets manager, follow the instructions provided.

Reviewer: Technically, you only need additional permissions to upload a TLS context to Secrets Manager. If there's already one there, you don't need any special permissions to import it.

Author: Updated this a bit.

[NOTE]
This field is enabled after you specify an alias.

> ... Use the *Details* button to view the information you entered for *Keystore File*, *Keystore Passcode*, *Alias*, and *Key Passcode* before selecting other options or deploying.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... Click *Details* to verify the information you entered for *Keystore File*, *Keystore Passcode*, *Alias*, and *Key Passcode* before selecting other options or deploying.
```

... Select *Deploy*. The *Keystore Passcode* and *Key Passcode* fields are blanked out for security reasons.
**** If you select a different *Alias* value, the *Key Passcode* field is again enabled.

> **** If you upload a new keystore file, the *Alias* and *Keystore Passcode* fields are again enabled and the *Alias* field contents are cleared.

Reviewer 3: Everything after Select *Deploy* is irrelevant to this task.

Reviewer 3: ...and the bullets are too deeply nested.

+
The JKS file information is saved in the global secrets group for your organization.

> ** Option 3: *Import from Secrets Manager* (For Advanced Users)

Reviewer 3: Consider moving the parenthetical text into the beginning of the narrative immediately following the title.
GLOBAL

+

> This option imports a TLS context from the secrets manager, and supports advanced configuration such as creating a TLS context, mutual authentication, selecting ciphers, and selecting TLS versions.

Reviewer 3: list item parallelism
```suggestion
This option imports a TLS context from the secrets manager and supports advanced configuration such as creating a TLS context, using mutual authentication, selecting ciphers, and selecting TLS versions.
```

+

> Refer to the instructions in xref::configure-adv-tls-context.adoc[Import a TLS Context from Secrets Manager (Advanced)].

Reviewer 3: Use name but not link; move link to See Also.
GLOBAL outside of Prereq text.

+
If there are validation errors, an error message is returned. If the validation is successful, a message in green text is displayed at the bottom-right of the page indicating that the deployment request is accepted. You can view the deployment status at the beginning of the page.

> == Step 2: Verify that Inbound Traffic is Enabled

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Verify That Inbound Traffic Is Enabled
```

curl -Lvk https://newapp.example-rtf.dev/ --resolve newapp.example-rtf.dev:443:192.168.64.14 
```

== Step 3: Configure an External Load Balancer
After you enable inbound traffic, you must configure Runtime Fabric to route incoming traffic to each enabled application for clients to send requests to deployed applications. 

> You must configure an external load balancer to load balance HTTPS traffic between each controller VM on Runtime Fabric. Controller VMs are virtual machines dedicated to run the components that power Anypoint Runtime Fabric. Each controller VM runs a replica of the internal load balancer and is configured to listen on port 443. 

Reviewer: > to balance HTTPS traffic

Is it always HTTPS traffic now that we have MVS?

Author: I added a clarification for this.

curl -Lvk https://newapp.example-rtf.dev/ --resolve newapp.example-rtf.dev:443:192.168.64.14 
```

> == Step 3: Configure an External Load Balancer

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Configure an External Load Balancer
```

Reviewer 3: BREAK to avoid GitHub issue....

Reviewer 3: RESUME

After you enable inbound traffic, you must configure Runtime Fabric to route incoming traffic to each enabled application for clients to send requests to deployed applications. 

> For HTTPS requests, you must configure an external load balancer to load balance HTTPS traffic between each controller VM on Runtime Fabric. Controller VMs are virtual machines dedicated to run the components that power Anypoint Runtime Fabric. Each controller VM runs a replica of the internal load balancer and is configured to listen on port 443. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For HTTPS requests, you must configure an external load balancer to balance traffic between controller VMs on Runtime Fabric. Controller VMs are virtual machines dedicated to run the components that power Anypoint Runtime Fabric. Each controller VM runs a replica of the internal load balancer and is configured to listen on port 443. 
```
Do we really need to explain what controller VMs are to our tech audience?

curl -Lvk https://newapp.example-rtf.dev/ --resolve newapp.example-rtf.dev:443:192.168.64.14 
```

== Step 3: Configure an External Load Balancer
After you enable inbound traffic, you must configure Runtime Fabric to route incoming traffic to each enabled application for clients to send requests to deployed applications. 

You must configure an external load balancer to load balance HTTPS traffic between each controller VM on Runtime Fabric. Controller VMs are virtual machines dedicated to run the components that power Anypoint Runtime Fabric. Each controller VM runs a replica of the internal load balancer and is configured to listen on port 443. 

> Provision the external load balancer using round robin or other algorithm of your choice. The external load balancer routes traffic to the Runtime Fabric controller or dedicated nodes with the IPs identified during Runtime Fabric installation.

Reviewer 4: We don't need to mention the algorithm: "Provision the external TCP Load Balancer to route traffic to the Runtime Fabric controller or dedicated nodes with the IPs identified during Runtime Fabric installation."

Author: Fixed - thank you!

. Review the information described in *Advanced Options* when adding an external load balancer.
. Configure DNS before using the CN obtained from the TLS certificate. DNS is required to send requests to applications or API gateways deployed to Runtime Fabric. Add an "A record" to your DNS provider to map the CN to the IP address of the external load balancer or controller VMs.

== Step 4: Deploy Applications
When you are ready to deploy an application:

. Follow the instructions in xref:deploy-to-runtime-fabric.adoc[Deploy a Mule Application to Runtime Fabric].
. Verify the application URL.
+

> The application's URL contains the routing path for the application. If the default domain is not the desired domain to be served by the application, navigate to the application's *Ingress* tab in Runtime Manager and select the desired domain from the *Domain* drop-down list.

Reviewer: This paragraph and the two following it all read like they're independently introducing the concept of the Ingress tab. Can we consolidate them?

Author: Tried to consolidate - please see if it's better now.

The *Ingress* tab allows you to specify whether inbound traffic should be allowed for the application. After you enable inbound traffic, the default behavior is changed to allow for new application deployments. If there are applications deployed to Runtime Fabric before you enable inbound traffic, they do not receive inbound requests until this setting is enabled.

Use the Ingress tab to update the configuration for application requests.

== View TLS Certificates

To view TLS certificate information:

> ... Select the *Inbound Traffic* tab in Runtime Manager.

Reviewer: "Select the Inbound Traffic tab in a Runtime Fabric" would be more accurate.

There's no Advanced Options tab. Maybe this should say "Scroll to the domains section"?

Author: Updated this - thank you!

. Review the information described in *Advanced Options* when adding an external load balancer.
. Configure DNS before using the CN obtained from the TLS certificate. DNS is required to send requests to applications or API gateways deployed to Runtime Fabric. Add an "A record" to your DNS provider to map the CN to the IP address of the external load balancer or controller VMs.

> == Step 4: Deploy Applications

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Deploy Applications
```
Always introduce subtasks in the intro to a supertask, so that we don't have to identify subtasks as steps....

When you are ready to deploy an application:

> . Follow the instructions in xref:deploy-to-runtime-fabric.adoc[Deploy a Mule Application to Runtime Fabric].

Reviewer 3: name but not link

> . Verify the application URL.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Verify the application URL and, if it is not not the desired domain to be served by the application, select the desired domain from the *Domain* drop-down list.
```

+

> The *Ingress* tab allows you to update the configuration for application requests. When you enable inbound traffic, the default behavior is changed to allow for new application deployments. If there are applications deployed to Runtime Fabric before you enable inbound traffic, they do not receive inbound requests until this setting is enabled.

Reviewer 3: Why are we describing this tab as part of verifying the tab? How does this support the actual step?

> The application's URL contains the routing path for the application. If the default domain is not the desired domain to be served by the application, select the desired domain from the *Domain* drop-down list.

Reviewer 3: Omit, per above suggestion.
```suggestion
```

== View TLS Certificates

To view TLS certificate information for an existing deployment:

> ... Select the *Inbound Traffic* tab for a Runtime Fabric instance.

Reviewer 3: Change all of these to first-level steps; they are at the first level for this subtopic.
Step levels (and list item levels) do not carry over from one topic to another, ever.

... Scroll to the *Domains* section.
... Select the *…* button.
... Select *View details*.

== Update or Delete TLS Certificates

To update or delete TLS certificate information:

> 

Reviewer 3: ditto

... Select the *Inbound Traffic* tab in Runtime Manager.
... Scroll to the *Domains* section.
... Select the *…* button.
... Select *Delete*.

> ... To add updated certificate information:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
... To add updated certificate information, select *Add certificate* and follow the instructions provided in Step 1 to configure a new certificate.
```

....Select *Add certificate*.

> .... Follow the instructions provided in Step 1 to configure a new certificate.

Reviewer 3: omit
